Estimates assume that everyone
Tenth Europeans once in a lifetime
nail fungus has to fight and get
Anyone can really get it anywhere
Many people are traveling barefoot
while bathing the dressing rooms or in
the sauna
The risk of infection is especially high
if the nails are already damaged
Too tight shoes make it the mushroom
example easily einunisten
he likes damp and warm food
so to speak of the horn material of the nails
If left untreated, keratin may be
spread
in a weakened immune system or
bad blood circulation is fast
the fungus typically stains the nail
so slightly yellowish the patient sees
often yourself and then forms the
typical form of nail fungus it first
in this area and then he can
but if not treated well
continue to express themselves
for example, on the whole nail plate
in particularly severe cases can
then split off entire layers
the nail will dissolve, so to speak
crumbly the treatment is for the
concerned a real jigsaw their
school first tried the mushroom
to get a grip on yourself
There are many in the pharmacy
nail fungus agent over-the-counter nail polish
or different creams the nail
something to solve so that the drug always
an antifungal means penetrate better
can
alfi ready really the relatively good
I have to say honestly no matter what
then we will have found
that if it is actually there once
goes the nail polish is more effective because
the people get along with it better
the creams and some nail polishes need
be applied daily
other paints in larger temporal
it is always the distances
Patient discipline says pharmacist
ingo behr so ​​nail fungus relative
persistent the patient he must
tolerably good and it takes time
even in the distance to four to six
months it is a situation image has done
Your school has self-therapy
brought little to nothing
her pils stayed there I think that at
i was too advanced i am too
late to go to the doctor finally it
did not help anything
I started creaming in nail polish
and then I was at the dermatologist 's
correct diagnosis by a specialist
is suspected of nail fungus the
most important step here in the lab will be
nail tests on traces examined so
called thread tietze rare yeast or
Molds are the trigger of
illness
it depends on the pizza
with which tablets or with
which we treat as cream act
different medications
the fungus infestation is different
very persistent or are already several
looked after nails